**In business or technical terms describe your understanding of continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD)?**

CI/CD is the means to regularly deliver apps to end users by automating each stage of the app development. This ensures that when the app gets developed, it can be safely deployed. CI is a concept which allows work simultaneously done by different developers to be merged back into a main branch of a repository. This functionality allows errors and security issues to be quickly identified and resolved earlier in the software development lifecycle.
CD is a process which automatically releases a code to a repository. The success of CD is contingent on CI as the aim of CD is to ensure that a code is always ready for deployment. CI ensures that the code is tested without issues before CD ensures that the code can be deployed into any environment.

**What are some tools that are used for this and why are they used.**

There are many tools in the market which utilises CI/CD. One of many is GitHub Actions which  is a native Ci/CD tools that runs alongside the code in Github. This allows developers to create CI/CD workflows such as Node.js directly in the GitHub repository and manage tasks from a single place. In GitHub Actions, a workflow is an automated process that developers set up in their GitHub repository. For example, the project contributors can run a workflow to automatically add labels at any time someone creates a new issue in the repository. 
The other tool can be Azure DevOps Services, which supports a collaborative culture and a set of process in an almost all-in-one solution developed by Microsoft. This aim of this tool is to test, build and ship the code to any target by combining CI/CD. Azure DevOps brings developers, project managers and other contributors together to develop software. It allows teams automate, orchestrate and improve products and service delivery in an efficient way. 
